xtick.labelsize: 32
ytick.labelsize: 32
font.size: 16
figure.autolayout: True
figure.figsize: 7.2,4.45
axes.titlesize : 20
axes.linewidth : 1.25
#axes.titleweight : bold
axes.labelsize : 17
ytick.right: True
xtick.top: True
xtick.minor.visible : True
ytick.minor.visible : True
ytick.major.right : True
ytick.minor.right : True
xtick.major.top : True
xtick.minor.top : True
xtick.major.size : 5
ytick.major.size : 5
xtick.minor.size : 2.5
ytick.minor.size : 2.5
ytick.direction : in
xtick.direction : in
ytick.labelright: False
xtick.labeltop : False
lines.linewidth : 1.0
lines.markersize : 6
#legend.fontsize: 16
legend.fontsize: 18
#legend.loc : upper center 
legend.frameon : False
mathtext.fontset: stix
font.family: STIXGeneral
